# Web-Application-The aim of this work is to develop a complete order management system (food / coffee) and deliveries within a city (delivery).

The system is intended to fully support the operation of a coffee and snack supply chain. The following are the categories of users and the capabilities of the system.

Administrator - Store chain owner
 
The system administrator registers all the stores owned by his chain. For each store, the administrator enters the name of the store (eg "Notara Store"), its address, the telephone number of the store as well as its location (lat, long). Also, for each store, the manager declares a manager, who manages the stock of the respective store. For each person in charge in the database should be registered username, password, name, surname, VAT number (10 characters), AMKA (11 characters) and account number in IBAN format (27 characters). Corresponding data are also declared for the distributors.
The administrator can also enter the products offered by the chain store and the price of each product. For reasons of simplicity, consider that the chain offers 5 specific types of coffee (Greek, frappe, espresso, cappuccino, filter) and 5 specific small meals (cheese pie, green pie, bun, toast, cake). Also consider that there are no variations on the drinks (eg milk, sugar). Finally, the administrator has access to a simple script that generates, in XML format, staff payroll. Specifically, the script accepts as an argument the month and the year that concerns the payroll in order to produce the XML file which will be sent through eBanking to the bank for the payment of the staff. Details on the structure of the XML file can be found in the appendix.
Exclusively for the functions of the administrator it is not necessary to implement a web interface but you can manage the data directly in the NW (eg using PHPMyAdmin).

Customer
 
Each customer of the chain can create a new account in the system in order to have the right to register an order. To create the account, he must fill in his email, desired password and his phone number. The customer will then be able to place a new order. After the customer selects the items and the quantity he wants, he will then have to enter the delivery address. The selection of the location should be done by entering the address (auto complete) but also by moving the marker on a map (in case the address is not available). When the customer selects the delivery address, he completes it registration of the order. The client environment should be appropriately designed for access from desktops and mobile devices.

Local store manager
 
The manager of each store is connected to the system with the username / password given to him by the system administrator. The manager should be able to update the store stock for each of the 5 types of meals. Consider that the stock of coffee is unlimited. Also, the manager will be able to see the orders that have been registered for the specific store and are pending delivery. Orders on this page should be dynamically renewed using AJAX. Therefore, when an order is delivered by the distributor to the customer, it should not appear in the above list. Finally, the manager's fee is monthly. Specifically, the person in charge receives 800 euros per month plus 2% of the store's turnover, as a bonus. For example, if in October 2017 a store had a turnover of 25,000 euros, the manager will receive in the October 2017 payroll 800 € + 25,000 € X 0.02 = 1,300 €.
Access to this subsystem will be from desktop computers.

Distributor
 
The chain employs distributors who do not belong to a specific store but serve all the stores of the chain. The distributor, after logging in to the system with a username / password predefined by the administrator, must declare his status as "On" (start of shift). At the beginning of the shift, it must declare its current location to the system (address typing - auto complete / selection by moving the marker). When an order is automatically assigned by the system (details below) the distributor is informed from which store he should receive the order (receiving point) as well as the location of the customer who has registered the order (display of delivery point on a map as well customer details). Once the distributor delivers the order, he informs the status of the order in "Delivered" and is now available for the next order. For the sake of simplicity, consider that after the delivery of each order, the distributor does not move but simply waits at the specific point for any new delivery assignment. Also, the distributor at the end of his shift should set his status as "Not available", so as not to accept new distributions. Finally, the distributor will be able to be informed about the total amount of money he is entitled to, the number of routes he has completed (per day) and the kilometers he has traveled (per day). The remuneration of the distributor for each working day is calculated as follows: Number of hours worked (start / end of shift) X hourly allowance + kilometers traveled X kilometer allowance. For example, if the chain has set the hourly rate at € 5 and the kilometer allowance at € 0.10, a distributor who worked 8 hours and covered 50 km will receive € 5 X8hours + 50kmX0.10 € = 45Euros.
The distributor environment should be appropriately designed for mobile access only.

Order processing
 
When an order is placed by the customer, the system automatically sends the order to be processed to the nearest store (which has the stock of products requested by the customer) while reducing the stocks accordingly. Also, at the same time, it assigns the order for distribution to the nearest active and available (not to distribute there at the moment) distributor.
